it's an overwhelming has been like
nothing I ever expected
they were very special kids two of them
had special needs and one of them was a
typical child and they were they were
very very special children
I'm holding up as best as I can I've had
a great deal of family and friends
visiting and helping and organizing how
we're going to deal you know with the
next few weeks and the services and all
that and yes it's been very difficult
but I feel lucky that I have had a lot
of support and in particular I must say
that the companies that I work for delta
airlines has been incredibly supportive
incredibly helpful sending people here
from various spaces to be with me and to
help me through this
I have received
condolences from all over the world you
know India Australia Italy everywhere
that even though I haven't been able to
respond to every single comment I've
read everything I I'm deeply touched by
everything that has been put out for my
family
it's it's just a tragic event and I
think we all need answers we all want
answers and they will come but it's
going to take some time for that to
happen you know my oldest daughter had
epilepsy she's had five brain surgery
she's been through a lot and she was
actually doing pretty well better than
anyone ever
Morgan Logan and Luke they're a little
older but